Add code-of-conduct to the contributor for staff. (#556)
publiccodenet/about: contributor-guides/for-staff.md

# How to staff at the Foundation for Public Code

> Our staff is expected to keep to both the [Community code of conduct](../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and the [Staff code of conduct](../organization/staff-code-of-conduct.md), make sure you are familiar with both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our staff are expected to follow and uphold both the [Community code of conduct](../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and the [Staff code of conduct](../organization/staff-code-of-conduct.md). Make sure you are familiar with both.
```
